Adds link to blog post for hamilton (#16)
stitchfix/hamilton: README.md

function name to implementation. That is, Hamilton forces a certain paradigm with writing functions, and aims for DAG clarity,
easy modifications, unit testing, and documentation.

> To read more, see our [blog post!](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2021/10/14/functions-dags-hamilton/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the backstory on how Hamilton came about, see our [blog post!](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2021/10/14/functions-dags-hamilton/).
```
I don't think we want to divert people to read more there -- instead we should qualify that for the backstory the blog post is the place to go.
